24-10-2022
23-09-2022
14-09-2022

Increasing professional and personal knowledge and experience through international study trips. Promoting the international exchange of young qualified landscape gardeners and experienced companies.

Pioneering and developing new work areas, skills and techniques. Establishing sustainable trends in landscaping and green area maintenance.
Contribute to a stronger position for a well-regulated green trade which can and will provide solutions in many cases.

Increasing the exchange of information and experience between landscape gardening companies on an international level.
Exchange increases the quality and expertise of the green trade and allows to strengthen their competitivity.


“The exchange of knowledge and vision of the companies between countries is the biggest value of what ELCA Committee of Firms can bring to its members.” Henrik Bos, Chairman of the ELCA Committee of Firms

The BGL as the ideological promoter of the GaLaBau Trade Fair is committed every two years with the ELCA to presenting the
"International Trend Award Construction with Green"
for
with pioneering trends in building greenery as well as gardens and innovative system solutions which were possibly jointly planned and realised by the client, architect and landscaping company.
The ELCA is the European Landscape Contractors Association. To promote cooperation as well as the exchange of information and experience in Europe the European Landscape Contractors Association (ELCA) was founded in 1963. The main goals of the ELCA are the following:
Increasing the awareness of ELCA and the wider landscape industry across the EU and the rest of the world. Political communication towards decision makers: Maintaining and extending the contacts to relevant members of the European Parliament and to their offices, to civil servants of the European Commission and to representatives of other associations with similar interests. Permanent further development of the network in Brussels.Working groups on topics in order to work on issues with the experts of the different concerned countries:
The ELCA promotes the local initiatives of its member countries by developing the patronage over events.
The ELCA organizes a scientific workshop for members and non-members every two years in Brussels to underline the importance of green areas even at the planning of construction projects and to highlight the technology and professionalism of the landscaping companies.
The ELCA takes the leadership on the coordination of the green city initiatives. The ELCA has to support the local initiatives and promote the exchange on good practices and measures.
The ELCA carries out annual surveys of member associations on employment, business, and trends. The ELCA develops and implements KPI’s for ELCA and the board.
The ELCA cultivates college and university contacts.
The ELCA organizes the ELCA Trend Award every two years.
Exchange is the fundamental value of the ELCA and takes place on 5 levels.
A NEW BEGINNING FOR PEOPLE AND NATURE
19th October: Opening Event  Lisbon – Portugal
20th - 22nd October: ONLINE High Level Conference  Brussels – Belgium
September – October: Partner Event around Europe
EU Green Week 2020 is now scheduled for 19-22 October 2020, on the theme of nature and biodiversity.
After the adoption of a new EU Biodiversity Strategy for 2030 in May, Green Week will highlight the contribution biodiversity can make to society and the economy, and the role it can play in supporting and stimulating recovery in a post-pandemic world, bringing jobs and sustainable growth. The new strategy shows how the recovery is an opportunity for a fresh start, in the knowledge that transformative change is possible. It’s a chance to rethink our relationship with nature, to change the activities that are driving biodiversity loss and the wider ecological crisis, and to weigh up the implications for our economy and society. EU Green Week will examine how EU policies such as the European Green Deal can help protect and restore nature, leaving it room to recover and thrive.
This year’s Green Week will also act as a milestone on the path to the Conference of the Parties (COP 15) to the Convention on Biological Diversity, now planned for 2021, where world leaders will adopt a 10-year action plan for biodiversity – a new global deal for people and nature.
All information: https://www.eugreenweek.eu/en
ELCA starts European platform for urban greening
Together with partners in Denmark, Finland, Romania, Spain, the Czech Republic and the Netherlands, ELCA will be building a European Platform for Urban Greening in the coming years.
Increase knowledge and skills of green professionals
The European Platform for Urban Greening aims to increase the knowledge and skills required to address biodiversity, climate adaptation and well-being in the urban, green living environment, and to broaden the expertise among professionals in Europe. The educational institutions from the mentioned countries work closely with business partners and governments in order to match the educational offer with regional needs.
From improvement of air quality to green facades
The challenges, expertise and climate zones differ per region. By joining forces and sharing good practices, regions can learn from green solutions elsewhere. Think for example of roof gardens and green facades, the capture of particulate matter by specific trees and shrubs, edible parks and green solutions for heavy rainfall and long periods of drought.
A selection of the main outcomes
PartnersWellantcollege (renamed Yuverta) is the applicant and coordinating organisation in this project. They will be the main contact point for the European Commission. Yuverta is the largest 'green' agricultural (pre-)Vocational Education and Training (VET) institution in Europe with 13,000 students and 1,425 staff. The college consists of 23 pre-VET schools and 11 VET schools that are all located in the urban center and west of the Netherlands. Additionally, Yuverta provides professional courses and training to 1,000 clients as part of Lifelong Learning from 5 Centers of Excellence that are linked to our vocational schools. In the different countries, comparable partners representing green education, the government and the business sector are participating. Umbrella project partner is the European Landscape Contractors Association for green professionals ELCA.
Erasmus+ The four-year project is funded by the European Erasmus + funding programme. The European Platform for Urban Greening is one of seven European Platforms of Centres of Vocational Excellence selected by the European Union in 2020. In total there were 55 applications, including more than 1,300 partners from the 27 EU Member States and 25 non-EU countries.

This survey is not an operational analysis and does not aim to deeply understand the reality of your business. Our objective is firstly to understand the effects of the COVID 19 crisis on your situation at this difficult time and secondly to learn how the national associations and the ELCA can better support you in the future.
The survey will be online via the pop-up on the ELCA website www.elca.info from Monday May 11 to Monday June 1, 2020. It is also possible to complete the survey via the link LINK_Professional Green Sector Survey – Umfrage – Enquête. Please share this link as much as possible with colleagues so that we can gather the widest possible image of the sector.
We sincerely thank you for your cooperation and will inform you in detail of the result after consultation and analysis with the national associations.
 
Diese Umfrage ist keine operative Analyse und zielt nicht darauf ab, die Realität Ihres Unternehmens tief zu verstehen. Unser Ziel ist es, erstens die Auswirkungen der COVID 19-Krise auf Ihre Situation in dieser schwierigen Zeit zu verstehen und zweitens zu erfahren, wie die nationalen Verbände und die ELCA Sie in Zukunft noch besser unterstützen können.
Die Umfrage wird vom Montag, den 11. Mai bis Montag, den 1. Juni 2020 über unsere Website pop-up www.elca.info online sein. Es ist auch möglich, die Umfrage auszufüllen über den Link LINK_Professional Green Sector Survey – Umfrage – Enquête. Bitte teilen Sie diesen Link auch so weit wie möglich mit allen Kollegen, damit wir ein möglichst breites Bild der Branche erhalten.
Wir bedanken uns herzlich für Ihre Mitarbeit und werden Sie nach Rücksprache und Analyse mit den Landesverbänden ausführlich über das Ergebnis informieren.
 
Cette enquête n'est pas une analyse opérationnelle et n'a pas pour objectif de saisir en profondeur la réalité de votre entreprise. Notre objectif est d'une part de comprendre les effets de la crise COVID 19 sur votre situation à ce moment difficile et d'autre part d'apprendre comment les associations nationales et l'ELCA peuvent encore mieux vous soutenir dans le futur.
L'enquête sera en ligne via le pop-up sur notre site Web www.elca.info du lundi 11 mai au lundi 1 juin  2020. Il est également possible de compléter l'enquête via le lien LINK_Professional Green Sector Survey – Umfrage – Enquête. Merci de partager ce lien autant que possible avec tous vos collègues afin que nous puissions rassembler l'image la plus large possible du secteur.
Nous vous remercions sincèrement pour votre coopération et vous informerons en détail du résultat après consultation et analyse avec les associations nationaux.

EGreen+
An important international project for European partners in the green sectors
European Green Mastery: comparison and development of skills and competences in the green sectors, EQF levels 2-6, through learning outcome based qualifications.
The green sectors cover a broad range of occupations from floristry and green production into gardening and landscaping. The emerging effects of climate change, the restructuring of retail and a diversity of new approaches to design, development and delivery of green services are all challenging the involved companies – usually small and medium sizes enterprises – as well as training providers and certification organizations. With the rapid development in “environmental changes”, both in direct physical climate conditions as well as in a business perspective, the requirements for entrepreneurship, new operational modes and technical and technological adaptations documents the need for the present Green Mastery project.
European Green Mastery is a Sector Skill Alliances project, and works to compare and develop the skills, knowledge and competences in floristry, gardening and landscaping. The qualifications needed for these occupations EQF levels 2 through 6 in all of the partner countries are collected. This ambitious work gives us the opportunity to assess the content and levels of the occupations in the partner countries. One of the operational characteristics of the green sector is the mix of formal, non- and informal learning picked up and aggregated through life. For this reason, a special attention will be given to how these experiences can be assessed, validated and recognized regardless of learning pathway and being matched with the qualification definitions expressed in the matrices.
After the initial assessments, our goal is to update the content of the qualifications. By fusing together new content with state-of-the-art technology like VR and AR, we aim to change the way these occupations are being taught. This will better prepare the students to an ever-changing job reality.
The multilingual options in the Skills bank tool will make the individual attainments, competence profiles and certifications available in several languages.

This project has been funded with support from the European Commission. This publication reflects the views only of the author, and the Commission cannot be held responsible for any use which may be made of the information contained therein.
